https://github.com/github/gitignore
- .gitignore file is a text file that tells Git which files or folders to ignore in a project.This is a collection 
.gitignore templates. What inerests me about .gitignore is how it is implemented when working on a project and 
when you should use it.

https://github.com/ageitgey/face_recognition
-This Facial recognization python project claims not to be complicated and is super intersting. It finds 
the face of a person and has the ability to identify facial features and identify people in images. What interests me most
is that it has the ability to be installed on a rasberry pi 2. Imagine rigging up a rasberry pie to your door lock and a
front door camera,and unlocking your front door with your face. Definitely going to some research into this over my free time
facial recogniztion can be implemnted in many other things then just your front door imagine in a car or used for Surveillance.

https://github.com/EnterpriseQualityCoding/FizzBuzzEnterpriseEdition
- FizzBuzzEnterpriseEdition this project is funny but also a intersting concept. This project is supposed to be a test
used by employers to weed out non programmers applying fora postion. This concept acually reminds me of a IBM software 
that is sold to commercial buisness, the software weeds non quallifying applicates out before the intervieing proccess begins
so they dont waste there time, and actually interview good quality canidates that would stay with the company longer, saving 
the comapny money through time and hiring a quality canidate. Programing your own test could be useful to many things 
essentially you could create a passcode. lets say you create a test and if you get a 100 on it it completes a task. Lets
use the example again of unlocking somthing or turning something off or on.


https://github.com/yuzu-emu/yuzu
- This is a nintendo switch emulator written in c++! I am quite familar with emulators but i did not know it was possible to create a 
nintendo switch emulator. The fact this exist interest me, i looked up emulator with the thought of maybe something simpler 
like snes or gba emulator but this is super cool and probably way to complicated for me. For those who do not know what a emulator is 
it is basically a simulation and gives you the ability to run and play game files pertaining to the console it is emulating. Emulators are kind of 
controversial topic because it is usually used to play pirated games aquired illeaglly so you can see why it is fround apon.

https://github.com/prjseal/PasswordGenerator
-This should be a little more simpler it is a password generator pretty self explanatory. It generates a password based on requirements you set. 
What i found interesting was the ability to set requirements.
